Contributions


T.V., J.A., and C.H. conceived and designed the study. T.V. wrote the manuscript and J.A. and C.H. edited and reviewed it. K.S., T.K., E. L.-B., T.P., and P.V. identified the patients, reviewed the histology and edited and reviewed the manuscript. A.K. researched and analysed patient data and edited and reviewed the manuscript. H.M. performed statistical analyses and edited and reviewed the manuscript. O.C. analysed data as well as edited and reviewed the manuscript. All authors gave final approval for publication. T.V. and J.A. take full responsibility for the work as a whole, including the study design, access to data, and the decision to submit and publish the manuscript.

IR, VH, and ALB drafted the article. ALB, IR, NR, RM, MV, RCM, MRR, and LC formulated and designed the study. IC and IR conducted the immunohistochemical analysis of MMR proteins. RCM, MRR, AC, and VH made the literature search. AB completed the statistical analysis. All the authors critically read, edited, and approved the final manuscript.
 
All authors of this research paper have participated in the planning, execution, and/or analysis of the study. LMF has collected clinical data, evaluated the TMA, performed the statistical analyses and interpretation of the clinical data, and is the main writer. SWF is responsible for the TMA construction and evaluation of TMA and whole sections. SM supervised the collection of clinical data. NSA downloaded data and performed analyses in the validation cohort. LH revised statistics. 

The rest of authors contributed as senior expertise. 

All authors of this paper have critically revised the intellectual content and approved the final version submitted.
 
All authors contributed to research goals and study design. JB, HH and KV performed histopathological revision and immune scoring of samples. JB and EJ performed digital imaging analyses. JB, EJ, HH and KV contributed to interpretation of data. Acquisition of data, analyses and writing first draft of the paper was performed by JB and CL. 

All authors have read and approved the final version of the manuscript.
 
HP designed the study; HP and JK selected the cases; HP, LB, and FF evaluated the cases and scored the immunohistochemical stains; SE stained the cases, evaluated the antibodies, and did specificity testing; AT and KK evaluated the molecular signatures and developed the assay for Dicer; LB and FF wrote the draft; and all authors worked on the final manuscript.
 
Huiying He and Ondrej Hes: revision of all cases, evaluation of immunohistochemistry. Kiril Trpkov and Ondrej Hes: design of study. Petr Martinek: molecular genetics. Ozlem Tanas Isikci, Kristyna Pivovarcikova: evaluation of immunohistochemistry. Anthony J Gill: evaluation of SDHB mutation and SDHB staining interpretation. Cristina Maggi-Galuzzi, Reza Alaghehbandan, Maria Tretiakova, Jose Ignacio Lopez, Sean Williamson, Delia Perez Montiel, Maris Sperga, Eva Comperat, Fadi Brimo, Michael Bonert, and Ali Yilmaz: case contribution, providing follow up data, and help with discussion. Kveta Michalova, David Slouka: follow up information, photodocumentation, Kristyna Prochazkova, Milan Hora: evaluation of clinical data. Michal Michal: discussion.

HI and SH conceived and planned the study. KS, HT, KM, KO, TK, TK, KF, HK, and KT provided the clinical data and renal tissue samples. HI, KS, and HT carried out the immunofluorescence and scoring. HI carried out the statistical analysis. HI and SH contributed to the interpretation of the results. HI wrote the manuscript with the support of SH. CO, KT, and KH gave the final approval of the manuscript. 

All the authors critically reviewed and approved the manuscript.
 
Y. Omori and T.F. performed the histological analysis; Y. Omori performed the immunohistochemical analysis; Y. Omori and Y. Ono performed genetic analysis and Y. Omori interpreted the data; T.K., F.M., and M.U. collected clinical samples; Y. Omori obtained the funding; Y.M., H.K., N.M., Y.U., and T.F. supervised the project; Y. Omori developed the concept, designed experimental studies, analyzed the data, and wrote the manuscript with feedback from all authors. T.F. is the guarantor of this work and, as such, had full access to all of the data in the study and takes responsibility for the integrity of the data and the accuracy of the data analysis.
 
AA, CdG, HD, MF, RHdG, SYH, OL, MNS, GT, and ACW designed the work, analyzed and interpreted data, and wrote the manuscript. BM, KD, and MP acted as clinical reviewers of the paper. The final version of the article was approved for publication also by all authors. AA and ACW take full responsibility for the work as a whole, including the study design and the decision to submit and publish the manuscript.
 
